today I top of this Brennan Kaitlyn
what do you have to say but this
wonderful yellow fruit well kind of boat
like I think it's awesome and the Capone
I like that click them you know you
don't have that anyways back to the
banana don't listen her cuz he'll
nothing anyways anyways back to I murder
banana you can do it
I hate these little stringy thing oh I
hate them too just come on can lick a
banana you can but invite the tip off of
this banana see the way you know what to
put it out well would I get a banana I
think it's a microphone and I use it and
then know that song but like a banana I
like
Wow that's the banana now if you liked
it like that
I'll lick the other side
how's the fake lick if you couldn't tell
I think it's pretty good I didn't have
his own portion of the show
don't let my hand in it wait you can see
your shirt man goes up and down the
black crack okay you like that fun then
pass bananas are fun creature since she
did anyways use either so at the top or
right behind from the side give a
baguette idea if you know around it like
a tree is a beaver my messages
pop wow I just fell so the better um-um
game think of it but it's better to eat
like this
oh I wanna show you how I like these
bananas okay that's how I do it wait
peel the peel Elmslie
on these systems thank you pretty huh
yeah I like you like it
aiyo let's go back here dime it's fun
[Music]
it's good I'll probably look too much
mind like a popsicle seeing it just
flatten those I just hop and it just
looks like brand new
and then you go
and you murder it highlight da Bao's -
again ones thought will click this well
and then squish I to your gap like this
[Music]
well bananas and pizzamas we're coming
down the stairs bananas in pyjamas we're
sitting in kitchen to murder it's hot
and this is the last of the barrel over
out you know you love it I sell myself
have it girls